name: influxdb_tsm1_engine
fieldKey                      fieldType
--------                      ---------
cacheCompactionDuration       float
cacheCompactionErr            float
cacheCompactions              float
cacheCompactionsActive        float
tsmFullCompactionDuration     float
tsmFullCompactionErr          float
tsmFullCompactionQueue        float
tsmFullCompactions            float
tsmFullCompactionsActive      float
tsmLevel1CompactionDuration   float
tsmLevel1CompactionErr        float
tsmLevel1CompactionQueue      float
tsmLevel1Compactions          float
tsmLevel1CompactionsActive    float
tsmLevel2CompactionDuration   float
tsmLevel2CompactionErr        float
tsmLevel2CompactionQueue      float
tsmLevel2Compactions          float
tsmLevel2CompactionsActive    float
tsmLevel3CompactionDuration   float
tsmLevel3CompactionErr        float
tsmLevel3CompactionQueue      float
tsmLevel3Compactions          float
tsmLevel3CompactionsActive    float
tsmOptimizeCompactionDuration float
tsmOptimizeCompactionErr      float
tsmOptimizeCompactionQueue    float
tsmOptimizeCompactions        float
tsmOptimizeCompactionsActive  float
