name: influxdb_httpd
fieldKey               fieldType
--------               ---------
authFail               float
clientError            float
fluxQueryReq           float
fluxQueryReqDurationNs float
pingReq                float
pointsWrittenDropped   float
pointsWrittenFail      float
pointsWrittenOK        float
promReadReq            float
promWriteReq           float
queryReq               float
queryReqDurationNs     float
queryRespBytes         float
recoveredPanics        float
req                    float
reqActive              float
reqDurationNs          float
serverError            float
statusReq              float
valuesWrittenOK        float
writeReq               float
writeReqActive         float
writeReqBytes          float
writeReqDurationNs     float
