name: influxdb_memstats
fieldKey        fieldType
--------        ---------
alloc           integer
buck_hash_sys   integer
frees           integer
gc_cpu_fraction float
gc_sys          integer
heap_alloc      integer
heap_idle       integer
heap_inuse      integer
heap_objects    integer
heap_released   integer
heap_sys        integer
last_gc         integer
lookups         integer
mallocs         integer
mcache_inuse    integer
mcache_sys      integer
mspan_inuse     integer
mspan_sys       integer
next_gc         integer
num_gc          integer
other_sys       integer
pause_ns        integer
pause_total_ns  integer
stack_inuse     integer
stack_sys       integer
sys             integer
total_alloc     integer
