name: mem
fieldKey          fieldType
--------          ---------
active            integer
available         integer
available_percent float
buffered          integer
cached            integer
commit_limit      integer
committed_as      integer
dirty             integer
free              integer
high_free         integer
high_total        integer
huge_page_size    integer
huge_pages_free   integer
huge_pages_total  integer
inactive          integer
low_free          integer
low_total         integer
mapped            integer
page_tables       integer
shared            integer
slab              integer
sreclaimable      integer
sunreclaim        integer
swap_cached       integer
swap_free         integer
swap_total        integer
total             integer
used              integer
used_percent      float
vmalloc_chunk     integer
vmalloc_total     integer
vmalloc_used      integer
write_back        integer
write_back_tmp    integer
